Editorial review: Document recent FedCM additions, Chrome 122-136 (#40411)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/fedcm_api/index.md

## Permissions Policy integration and `<iframe>` support

> The {{httpheader("Permissions-Policy/identity-credentials-get", "identity-credentials-get")}} [Permissions-Policy](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Guides/Permissions_Policy) can be used to control permission to use FedCM, more specifically related usage of the following methods:

Reviewer: ", more specifically related usage of the" is not quite right. Maybe

```suggestion
The {{httpheader("Permissions-Policy/identity-credentials-get", "identity-credentials-get")}} [Permissions-Policy](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Guides/Permissions_Policy) can be used to control permission to use FedCM.
More specifically, it permits usage of the following methods:
```
